Date Tech                Karasuno
Futakuchi-san!
Rolling...
Thunder!
Nice, Nishinoya!
Nishinoya-san!
You're in the way!
Nice, Tanaka!
What'd you just say?
You were blocking the back
row attacker's approach.
Huh? W-Was he?
I'm not sure.
Everyone's moving on their own,
so I couldn't really tell.
Gotcha.
I didn't notice at all.
The fact that Kageyama realized
that while they were playing
and the fact that Nishinoya realized it
after he was told is pretty amazing.
I'm more amazed that he talked
to Nishinoya-san like that...
You could've said it in a different way.
Like how?
The hell did you just say?
All right.
I'm gonna stop you right there.
Sorry about that.
I mean, Nishinoya under normal
circumstances is one thing,
but complaining to Nishinoya
while they're playing is a first.
Kageyama sure is something.
I'm not really sure what it is...
but he seems scarier than usual...
Haikyu!!
Date Tech                Karasuno
Episode 7: Return
One touch!
Their blocking is on point today!
Yeah.
They've been pumped ever since they heard
that they were going up against Karasuno!
Just a while ago,
they'd get distracted by the spikers on
the sides, so they'd spread out more,
but they're holding their
ground in the middle.
Nice!
Nice kill!
That should've been a good one.
The same as usual.
What?
I hit it over.
If you have something to say, just say it.
You know full well you'd
start fighting if he said it.
Or rather, if you actually think Kageyama
can effectively put anything into words,
you're greatly mistaken!
Exactly.
But I mean...
He always has an issue with tone
or saying something unnecessary...
so it's weird that he isn't say anything.
Kageyama!
Got it!
Tanaka-san!
He really is like a machine.
It's not like he had stable footing,
and yet he managed a toss that's
not too high, not too low,
not too far, and not too close.
How much has this guy practiced?
I'm getting emotional!
Damn it! Sorry!
I'm sorry!
Don't worry about it!
Maybe they're too worried
about getting blocked.
Go, go, let's go! Let's go, Date Tech!
'Scuse us! We came to cheer on
our precious little juniors!
We'll be watching from up top,
so we won't get in the way.
Hey! You're at another school!
Oh, it's fine.
Sorry about this.
You guys had better not lose!
Show them what Date tradition really is!
The Impregnable Wall of Date
Go, go, let's go! Let's go, Date Tech!
Date Technical High School Volleyball Team  PTA
Thanks! We'll do our best!
They must have a lot
of time on their hands.
What'd you say, Futakuchi?!
We can hear you up here!
Come on! Make sure we can hear you!
Let's get more excited
when we score a point!
Futakuchi... Look at you,
acting like a leader!
Let's put pressure on our
opponents in various ways!
Let's crack their spirits just
enough that the refs don't notice!
If you can't pull it off in practice,
you can't pull it off in a game, either!
Way to go, Futakuchi! You big jerk!
Shut up, Kamasaki!
It's great that Date Tech
seems to be having fun...
Sorry!
Date Tech                Karasuno
Karasuno seems off their game.
Yeah. We might actually win.
A quick—
Damn!
Nice kill!
You should've tried to block again.
You could've totally jumped again.
I'm pretty sure Tsukki realizes
that without him saying anything...
Oh, what are you so irritated for?
Did the King miss his nap today?
What?
Hey!
Tsukishima doesn't usually have
a problem listening to others,
but apparently that's not
the case with Kageyama.
Yeah, it's not exactly logical.
They just irritate each other.
Well, that's not good.
Should we call a time out?
Nah.
It's fine.
Daichi-san!
Out!
Man, Asahi can't catch a break
today. What's wrong?
Damn it, sorry! That was
a really good toss.
Then make the damn point.
Haikyu!!
Date Tech                Karasuno
So, hey, Kageyama...
There's something I wanna try—
I...
I know my tosses are good!
So please, score more often!
Look at that. It's the return of the King.
Move faster! Jump higher!
Match my tosses, if you want to win!
I'm sorry—
I've been thinking...
What's wrong with him
being the King again?
Is it because he's too bossy?
Because he's too self-centered?
I mean, either way...
No matter what Kageyama says, if I don't
like it, I'm just not gonna listen to him.
No matter what he says, I'm not gonna
listen if I don't like his tone.
What he said.
Yet I still see Tanaka listening
if it's addressed to him.
He's just strict when it comes to
how his teammates are addressed.
Yeah.
I mean, I wouldn't mind
if you'd speak nicer to me...
So no one really cares if
you're the King or not.
I mean, the King is supposed to be cool.
Nothing beats a set that's
easy for the spiker to hit.
And you find out what that
is through communication.
But that doesn't mean you can't fight.
Are you giving the shrimp
the exact tosses he wants?
Have you even tried to?
How was that toss, damn it?
I think I could hit it faster.
Got it.
You're a Goody Two-Shoes, aren't ya?
Uh... Sorry about that, Kageyama.
I've been trying to time my hits
so they don't match their blocks,
but it just hasn't been
working against Date Tech.
Your tosses are great, though.
So keep doing what you're doing.
I'm probably gonna get caught by their
blocks again, so I'll just apologize now.
My bad.
And I'm not gonna give up trying
for that super sharp cut shot.
I mean, especially because we're
practicing against Date Tech.
If you don't like it, that's your problem.
I can't make any promises.
Bring it on!
Karasuno                Date Tech
We're starting the second set!
Are they fighting?
I mean, it's not like you fight
because someone tells you to.
But you know...
If Kageyama's starting to
say what he wants to say,
what about vice versa?
Kageyama's talent is extraordinary,
so the others might not know how
to nitpick when it comes to him.
Hey! You're not attacking over
the middle that much today!
You scared, Kageyama-kun?!
What?!
Go down the middle more!
Actually, yeah. Compared
to all the other games...
He's going there less.
I guess we do have someone who nitpicks.
Nice save!
Let's experiment with one
and a half ball widths...
That little...
They didn't match up.
Karasuno                Date Tech
Are they really going to be okay like that?
Not like I actually care, but...
I guess even Kageyama misses sometimes.
Hey.
I'm not gonna stoop down to your level.
Oh, I see.
That's perfectly fine with me.
Kageyama does worry quite a bit at times.
It's not like he was saying
anything that weird earlier.
Maybe he's still worried about
what happened in junior high.
Though he doesn't seem like
the type to dwell on the past.
People dwell on different things.
And for Kageyama, the thing
that happened in junior high
must weigh pretty heavy on him.
I mean, I don't know the details,
but one thing's for certain...
Kageyama realizes that there's
a chance he might be wrong.
And I think his teammates in junior high
made him realize that after butting heads.
Karasuno                Date Tech
One touch!
Free ball!
He jumped!
Kageyama's been adjusting
to accommodate the spikers' bad habits.
But now, he's decided to force them
to hit from a higher contact point instead.
So close! But that sure was high!
Karasuno                       Date Tech
So you can fly.
Way to look smug, Kageyama.
Tsukki, calm down! Stay serene!
Kageyama, stop egging Tsukki on!
Shut up, Yamaguchi.
"The setter's the most dominant role!
It's the coolest!"
The setter is the team's control tower!
It's the setter that handles
the ball the most in a match.
It's the most dominant role!
It's the coolest!
We're not just gonna forget
that you said all that.
No matter how much you try to
act like a Goody Two-Shoes,
you're a king deep down inside!
Prepare yourself...
From this day on shall be known as...
the new King of the Court!
Looks like he got over it.
I don't really know how others feel,
and apparently, I'm not the best with words.
We know, duh.
You're saying that now?
But...
I'll do everything I can
to become the best setter.
You're saying that now?
You've always been that.
Aw, apparently the King
is a sweet little boy!
Come on, Tsukishima. Grow up.
Wow, Hinata just said that.
You're still mad about earlier, huh?
You should've guessed that.
Guess read blocking!
Stop confusing things.
I can be a Goody Two-Shoes here...
It's normal not to know
what others are thinking.
I mean, thinking about it is important,
but I don't think it's absolutely
necessary when playing.
You need to know the current state of
the game and your teammates' conditions.
Hey, they're starting to match up way better.
Karasuno                Date Tech
Nice kill, Tsukki!
The longer Date Tech plays against us,
the better their blocks get.
If my contact point was any lower,
I would've been completely blocked.
Tsukishima's already huge, so I never
thought his contact point was low,
but I guess he's able to hit even higher.
I knew it!
Though he looks like he's having a hard time.
When Kogane... Er, when Date Tech's
setter was setting for him,
he was hitting the ball about that high.
Huh...
Tsukishima, like... hits the
ball really compact like, fabam!
With both his approach and his swing.
The middle blocker is all about fast attacks,
so I guess that happens often.
The setter usually keeps that speed
in mind and tosses lower, too.
But Kogane would end up
setting too high a lot.
Sorry!
So during the camp, Tsukishima naturally...
Actually, he didn't have a choice.
It seemed like he was trying
to match up with Kogane.
Ah...
He must've been watching pretty intently.
Wow, that's some growth...
Yeah.
Kageyama's super amazing for
being able to bring that out.
I'm not gonna let Tsukishima
beat me in height, either.
Er... I meant you, too.
All right!
Nice kill!
Keep 'em comin'!
No.
Tanaka-san, you're getting sloppy.
If you're tired, we can sub you out.
Yeah... I'm pretty sure
that Kageyama-kun thought
he was looking out for me when he said that.
I get it. I do. But...
You're not subbing me out, dumbass!
However, I do admit that
I flailed that last hit!
Wow, he's being honest.
Good boy.
Tanaka's not exactly exhausted,
so we should use this chance to experiment
with how to deal with this situation.
Even in a real game, we sub people
out for a greater advantage,
rather than to cover our weaknesses, right?
All right. In that case,
I'll send fewer balls his way and
keep an eye on his condition.
Could you just do that
a bit more nonchalantly?
It's not like I'm going to
agree with you saying that.
Nonchalantly?
I'll give it a try!
Hey, in my case,
I'd prefer if you told me.
I'd be more shocked if I quietly
realized you were setting less to me.
Jeez, you're a pain.
Nonchalantly
Teammates' condition
Tell me
How others feel
The state of the game
I'll do my best, but I can't
make any promises.
That's fine. You don't need to spoil me.
They're constantly evolving.
But that evolution might
not always be positive.
But...
As long as we have these
second and third-years
I think we'll be okay.
The third-years always talk
about how much they appreciate
good first-years joining the team,
but I guess it's the same
deal for Kageyama-kun.
Yeah.
Nice!
Kageyama!
Left!
Is it a bit too close to the net?
Gotta reset...
Sorry!
You don't need to apologize there, Asahi-san!
Oh, uh, sorry.
We should've been able to cover.
Er, uh, sorry.
It's sorta funny seeing him get
yelled at for apologizing.
Also, that's rare for Tanaka.
Ryu's heated up, too.
I feel like he stole one of my lines.
Are we just ignoring the fact
that Kageyama-kun's toss was off?
Sorry!
I don't know what's going on,
but Karasuno doesn't seem to
be playing their best today.
Gonna crush them!
Asahi!
Right!
Hinata, get the last!
Crap, it's short!
Yeah!
My bad, Hinata!
Throw the opponent off
guard with killer serve,
then finish them off with a block.
They've got the perfect serve and block.
Karasuno                Date Tech
Right now,
Date Tech's most noticeable
server is their new leader...
But if they end up with
any more good servers,
The Impregnable Wall of Date
Date Technical High School Volleyball Team  PTA
they might just become untouchable.
O...
...ut.
That was close, Aone!
Next year,
our most troublesome
opponent may end up being
Date Tech.
Episode 8: Challenger
Next time: "Challenger."